# Pollen Party User Guide
This is a final project for CSE 143 at the UW.

Pollen Party is an application that allows you to locate flowers in your local area that can be used in a pollinator garden, and helps you plan a pollinator garden. Save the bees!!
		To utilize PollenParty, each user must access the listed webpage. Once the webpage is opened, the user has a few options as to what they would like to try. In the search bar located at the top of the page, the user may enter a United States zip code that would direct the user to whatever region that the provided zip code is a part of. What will appear on the user’s screen are facts that indicate what region the zip-code falls under and a description of the landscape and climate of said region. The page will also display the species of forbs located within the region. To return back to the home page, the user may click the PollenParty logo located at the upper left side of the screen. 
    If a user would like to share the website with other individuals among their circle, there is an option for that too! Located on the upper left of the screen next to the PollenParty logo, there is a share icon that can be clicked. When clicked, the user will be redirected to a page that encourages them to share the webpage with their friends via twitter. Located on the left side of the screen, there is an icon displaying a “tweet it!” caption. When clicked by the user, the page will redirect them to Twitter where they will have the option to log into their Twitter account and share the page to their friends.
	The final option that will be presented to the user is the ability to design their own garden, where an icon that displays that exact phrase will be located towards the upper right side of their screen. To access this page however, the user’s device must be able to run Unity, which may be a hindrance to some mobile users. The user will have the option to plan their own gardens by selecting and dropping elements into their virtual garden such as water, dirt, logs and 2 types of plants. Each element that is selected by the user will have a description that will explain the purpose and significance of itself. If the user would like to make a change to their selection, they may highlight a different element and click on the spot they would like to replace, effectively doing so.  
